So let us see that when a process B create a thread, then what are the changes that takes place in
the virtual mammary of a process?
So suppose following is the diagram.
On the left hand side is a virtual little space of a process B, which is in execution.
So you can see that this process has some virtual memory that is being used for heep, some virtual
memory that is being used for initialised and unanesthetized, did a segment and some virtual memory
is being used for a code segment.
And also some portion of the virtual memory is used as a stack memory.
We already know that stack memory is used in order to support processor, recall and return.
So every independent unit of execution needs STAC memory.
Now, let us suppose that process B during the course of its execution create a new threat, so after
the creation of this new threat, what will be the change that will take place in this process which
will address the space of a process?
So you can see the diagram on the right hand side is our virtual address, a space of A process B,
but after threat creation.
So you can see that after the threat creation, there is no separate virtual memory for the newly created
threat.
Right.
All this virtual memory is is still belong to the process.
P But this virtual memory is also shared by a newly created threat.
A newly created threat has an equal access to this virtual memory, to this portion of virtual memory
of a process.
Therefore, all threats shared the same virtual address, a space of a process.
But this segment of virtual memory must be accessible only by threat.
So, as I have already said, that every threat has its own tech memory, right?
So operating system will allocate this portion of virtual memory exclusively only for tragedy because
a threat needs to have a static memory in order to execute attack memory of the process.
Be, on the other hand, is preserved and is being used by the process B for its execution.
So you can see that the entire process, what you was a space starting from here till the bottom of
the process was all that space is shared, but A process B as well as a threat.
So it is for this reason that a threat can also modify a memory of a process.
And those modifications in the heat memory will be visible to other threads or parent process.
So you can see that the only change that happens in the process was a little suspicious of a process,
B is the allocation of new STAC memory when a new threat is created.
Other than that, there is absolutely no change in the process led to space.
So now let us extend this idea to a process B, which creates more than one threat.
So suppose the diagram on the left hand side represents the process which will address the space or
virtual memory of a process b.
And you can see that the topmost portion of this virtual memory is being used as a static memory by
a process.
Now, if a process B create a new thread D one, then operating system, allocate more virtual memory,
which is to be used as a static memory for the new 31.
Similarly, if the process B create another threat data, then operating system will allocate more virtual
memory from process multilateral space as a static memory to be used by the data and same goals when
a process create another tragedy.
Three So you can see that operating system keeps on allocating more of virtual memory from the process,
which will address space to be used as a static memory by respective threads.
And remember, each of these virtual memory is prior to the corresponding Trent.
A tragedy three has no business to access a Astatke memory which belong to the 32 right.
So Turd's have their private STAC memory, the last of the regions of what's left of the space of a
process are shared by all the threats.
So now we have discussed that.
What are the change in the virtual memory of a process that takes place when a process create a new
threat?
Now let us see what change happens in a page tabou of a process when a new threat is created.